Readme: Added instruction for integration oneDPL source code to user project (#340)
oneapi-src/oneDPL: cmake/README.md

Sudirectories are added as labels for each test and can be used with `ctest -L <label>`.
For example, `<root>/test/path/to/test.pass.cpp` will have `path` and `to` labels.

## How to use oneDPL from CMake
### Using oneDPL source files

> This way allows to integrate oneDPL source code into user project with the [add_subdirectory](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/command/add_subdirectory.html) command. `add_subdirectory(<oneDPL_root_dir> [<oneDPL_output_dir>])`, where `<oneDPL_root_dir>` is a relative or absolute path to oneDPL root directory and `<oneDPL_output_dir>` is a relative or absolute path to directory for holding output files for oneDPL, adds oneDPL to the user project build. If `<oneDPL_root_dir>` is the relative path, then `<oneDPL_output_dir>` is optional.

Author: Applied.

> Variables for oneDPL configuration from the table above can be specified before `add_subdirectory` call to customize oneDPL configuration and build.

Author: Applied.

Sudirectories are added as labels for each test and can be used with `ctest -L <label>`.
For example, `<root>/test/path/to/test.pass.cpp` will have `path` and `to` labels.

## How to use oneDPL from CMake
### Using oneDPL source files

> This way allow to integrate oneDPL source code into user project using the [add_subdirectory](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/command/add_subdirectory.html) command. `add_subdirectory(<oneDPL_root_dir> <oneDPL_output_dir>)`, where `<oneDPL_root_dir>` is a relative or absolute path to oneDPL root dir and `<oneDPL_output_dir>` is a relative or absolute path to directory for holding output files of oneDPL, adds oneDPL to user project build. If `<oneDPL_root_dir>` is the relative path, then `<oneDPL_output_dir>` is the optional variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way allows to integrate oneDPL source code into user project with the [add_subdirectory](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/command/add_subdirectory.html) command. Use `add_subdirectory(<oneDPL_root_dir> [<oneDPL_output_dir>])` where `<oneDPL_root_dir>` is relative or absolute path to oneDPL root diretory and `<oneDPL_output_dir>` is relative or absolute path to directory for holding output files for oneDPL. If `<oneDPL_root_dir>` is relative path then `<oneDPL_output_dir>` is optional variable.
```

Author: Applied.

For example:

```cmake
project(Foo)
add_executable(foo foo.cpp)

# Add oneDPL to the build.
add_subdirectory(/path/to/oneDPL /path/to/build_oneDPL)

> ```

Reviewer: This example looks a bit redundant. The second example is representative enough.

Author: Deleted.

> When using this way oneDPL is built with the user project simultaneously, so variables affecting oneDPL build can be specified in the user project's CMakeLists.txt file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variables for oneDPL configuration from the table above can be specified before `add_subdirectory` call to customize oneDPL configuration and build.
```

Author: Applied.

```cmake
project(Foo)
add_executable(foo foo.cpp)

# Add oneDPL to the build.

> add_subdirectory(/path/to/oneDPL /path/to/build_oneDPL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add_subdirectory(/path/to/oneDPL build_oneDPL)
```

Author: Applied.

# Specify oneDPL backend

> target_compile_definitions(foo PRIVATE ONEDPL_BACKEND=tbb)

Reviewer: `ONEDPL_BACKEND` is not compile definition. but CMake variable.
It should be initialized using `set` _before_ `add_subdirectory`.

Author: Did not notice. Fixed.

```

> Or passed to cmake call as when building oneDPL separately.

Reviewer: You won't need it if you apply suggestion to line 60.

Author: Deleted.
